Update Puppet guide for OpenVox (#4766)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_configuring-openvox-agent-on-a-project-host-during-host-provisioning.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="configuring-openvox-agent-on-a-project-host-during-host-provisioning"]
= Configuring OpenVox agent on a {Project} host during host provisioning

[role="_abstract"]
If you prefer to install and configure the OpenVox agent on a host during the provisioning process, you can do so by adding the `puppet_setup` snippet to your provisioning template.
A configured OpenVox agent is required on the host for Puppet integration with your {Project}.

.Prerequisites
ifdef::satellite[]
include::snip_prerequisite-project-client-repository-ak.adoc[]

> * The satellite-client-openvox-for-rhel-8 or satellite-client-openvox-for-rhel-9 repository is synchronized on {ProjectServer} and enabled in the activation key you use.

Reviewer: The name also includes the arch. https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/SPMM-22387 lists the exact ones.
```suggestion
* The `satellite-client-openvox-for-rhel-8-<arch>-rpms` or `satellite-client-openvox-for-rhel-9-<arch>-rpms` repository is synchronized on {ProjectServer} and enabled in the activation key you use.
```

We have attributes for the regular client repos and should we also introduce these for the Satellite Client OpenVox repo?
https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/blob/40c450e1f8f92488ccb389219c3d339a630e5a60/guides/common/attributes-satellite.adoc#L164
https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/blob/40c450e1f8f92488ccb389219c3d339a630e5a60/guides/common/attributes-satellite.adoc#L173
https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/blob/40c450e1f8f92488ccb389219c3d339a630e5a60/guides/common/attributes-satellite.adoc#L177

Author: Thanks! I added the correct repository names.

I don't think an attribute is necessary. If the value was different for different target builds, that would be a good use case for an attribute. As far as I know, however, the value is the same and to be documented for Satellite builds only, right? Then hiding it behind an attribute would just introduce complexity.

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="configuring-openvox-agent-on-a-project-host-during-host-provisioning"]

> = Configuring OpenVox agent on a {Project} host during host provisioning

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[id="configuring-openvox-agent-on-a-host-during-host-provisioning"]
= Configuring OpenVox agent on a host during host provisioning
```

IMO "host" is enough; we never say "Foreman host". Please also adjust the file name.

Reviewer: If you do that, should then also reduce it to:
```suggestion
[id="configuring-openvox-agent-on-a-host-during-provisioning"]
= Configuring OpenVox agent on a host during provisioning
```

Author: Applied. I moved the `{Project} host` keyword to the abstract because https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#_style_guidelines says that product name must be included in the heading or the abstract.

[role="_abstract"]

> If you prefer to install and configure the OpenVox agent on a host during the provisioning process, you can do so by adding the `puppet_setup` snippet to your provisioning template.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you prefer to install and configure the OpenVox agent on a host during the provisioning process, add the `puppet_setup` snippet to your provisioning template.
```

A configured OpenVox agent is required on the host for Puppet integration with your {Project}.

.Prerequisites
ifdef::satellite[]

> include::snip_prerequisite-project-client-repository-ak.adoc[]

Reviewer: Like in the other file, you don't need the client repo if you sync the the OpenVox repo:
```suggestion
```

* {project-client-name} OpenVox repository is synchronized on {ProjectServer} and enabled in the activation key you use.
Choose from the following repositories, based on the operating system version and the architecture of the host you are provisioning:
** satellite-client-openvox-for-rhel-8-aarch64-rpms
** satellite-client-openvox-for-rhel-8-ppc64le-rpms
** satellite-client-openvox-for-rhel-8-x86_64-rpms

> ** satellite-client-openvox-for-rhel-9-x86_64-rpms

Reviewer 2: just fyi: EL10 is missing. By design? Also, I suggest to mention the latest first.

EL9 alt archs also miss.

Author: @ekohl Can you please take a look at this? These are the repos I was made aware of in a different conversation. Is the list correct like this?

Reviewer: Satellite hasn't provided EL10 builds until now. Due to time constraints we haven't done that yet and is planned for later.

@pcreech since you requested the repos, mind taking a look at the alt archs? Or overall verify these are the correct repos?

Reviewer 4: Ok, the definitive list (for now)

```
satellite-client-openvox-for-rhel-9-x86_64-rpms
satellite-client-openvox-for-rhel-8-x86_64-rpms
satellite-client-openvox-for-rhel-8-aarch64-rpms
```

This will be expanded at a later date.

+
Select the *boolean* type and set the value to `true`.
endif::[]
. Set configuration for the OpenVox agent.

> * If you use an integrated OpenVox server, ensure that you select a OpenVox {SmartProxy}, OpenVox CA {SmartProxy}, and Puppet environment when you create a host.

Reviewer: The actual feature names in Foreman haven't been modified:
```suggestion
* If you use an integrated OpenVox server, ensure that you select a Puppet {SmartProxy}, Puppet CA {SmartProxy}, and Puppet environment when you create a host.
```
